README.md, before:

# Hi there
- 👋 Hi, I’m @SyedUmerAhmedCode.
- 👀 I’m interested in improving my knowledge of not only programming language but also to learn about architectures and how things work together.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Javascript and software engineering concepts such design patterns, SOLID etc.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... Well, right now, I am trying to learn on my own as I am branching out into new technologies (atleast for me) 
but if you have cool ideas or want to collaborate on a project, please feel free to contact me.






- 📫 How to reach me? Feel free to get in touch with me via [gmail](mailto:syedumerahmedcode@gmail.com?subject=[GitHub]%20Hello%20from%20Github). Additionally, you can reach me via [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/syed-umer-ahmed-a346a746/) or via [Xing](https://www.xing.com/profile/SyedUmer_Ahmed/cv).

<!---
SyedUmerAhmedCode/SyedUmerAhmedCode is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

<!---
Sources:::::https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/demo.html  and   https://github.com/vn7n24fzkq/github-profile-summary-cards-example  and   https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-badges-to-stop-feeling-like-a-noob-d4e6600d37d2/
--->

  
![Overview of my stats](https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=syedumerahmedcode&theme=github_dark)  ![Top languages by commit](https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=syedumerahmedcode&theme=github_dark)

Commit message:

Feature: Added a api link to get a look at all my repositories.

README.md, after:

# Hi there
- 👋 Hi, I’m @SyedUmerAhmedCode.
- 👀 I’m interested in improving my knowledge of not only programming language but also to learn about architectures and how things work together.
- - To have a quick look at all my repositories, please run the following query: https://api.github.com/users/syedumerahmedcode/repos
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Javascript and software engineering concepts such design patterns, SOLID etc.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... Well, right now, I am trying to learn on my own as I am branching out into new technologies (atleast for me) 
but if you have cool ideas or want to collaborate on a project, please feel free to contact me.






- 📫 How to reach me? Feel free to get in touch with me via [gmail](mailto:syedumerahmedcode@gmail.com?subject=[GitHub]%20Hello%20from%20Github). Additionally, you can reach me via [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/syed-umer-ahmed-a346a746/) or via [Xing](https://www.xing.com/profile/SyedUmer_Ahmed/cv).

<!---
SyedUmerAhmedCode/SyedUmerAhmedCode is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

<!---
Sources:::::https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/demo.html  and   https://github.com/vn7n24fzkq/github-profile-summary-cards-example  and   https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-badges-to-stop-feeling-like-a-noob-d4e6600d37d2/
--->

  
![Overview of my stats](https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=syedumerahmedcode&theme=github_dark)  ![Top languages by commit](https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=syedumerahmedcode&theme=github_dark)
